This numbrix project currently allows one to play a game of Numbrix. In order to start a game, the player
must go to File -> New Game. This will allow the player to choose a file from which to load the game.
The file formatting is as follows:

# of rows (or columns)
x_1 y_1 value_1
x_2 y_2	value_2
.
.
.
x_i y_i value_i 

where i is an arbitrary number no greater than # of rows * # of columns. The formatting is set so that the
"origin" of the grid starts at the bottom left corner.

If the "Human" option is chosen, then the instructions are as follows:
After filling in the grid, click on the "Finish" button. Doing so will produce a message in the bottom pane
informing the player on correctness of grid or errors encountered. Once done, the bottom pane will inform
the player the process needed to start a new game (file -> new game or file -> reset).

The pane to the right will let the player know their game history (inputs and modifications).

To input a value, simply click on the cell you wish to modify and type in the number you wish
to place into the cell. To delete a value, simply click on the cell you wish to remove a value from
and hit backspace until there is no value left.

If the "Computer" option is chosen, then the instructions are as follows:
The program will communicate if it found a solution and the time it took to solve/attempt the grid in the
bottom box. 

To the left are three choices explained as follows:
Next: This will step the user through the programs solution path and populate the History box to the right
as each step is taken. The program will also communicate the step count out of the total steps at the bottom
along with the time taken to solve/attempt the solution.

Complete: This will simply populate the grid with the solution and populate the History box with every move taken
by the program. However, this can be a very time consuming process.

Complete grid: This will simply populate the grid with the solution without populateing the History box in order
to save time if the user only cares about the solution. This process takes an insignificant amount of time to do
vs doing the above choice.

The tournament boards can be found in boards/tournament and are named ti.txt where i is the board number.
Sample boards can be found in boards/examples.
